Update get-started.mdx (#17714)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/pages/functions/get-started.mdx

## Create a Function

> To get started with generating a Pages Function, create a `/functions` directory at the root of your Pages project(not static root e.g. dist/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with generating a Pages Function, create a `/functions` directory. Make sure that the `/functions` directory is at the root of your Pages project (and not in the static root, such as `/dist`).
```
